# Objective of this repository
This repository aims to demonstrate the capabilities of GitHub actions. The React application will be deployed to GitHub Pages once the source code committed and pushed to main branch.

# React application content
This project was created with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app). All content within this React project are generated by the create-react-app toolkit.

# How to setup 
- Adding below config in the package.json
`"homepage": "/<your-repo-name>"`

1. Generate public and private key in local machine
2. Add deployment key in GitHub Repo->Settings->Deploy key with the generated public key
3. Add "ACTIONS_DEPLOY_KEY" in GitHub Repo->Settings->Secrets with the generated private key
4. Create new deploy.yml under /.github/workflows
5. Commit your code to main branch
6. Enable the pages with branch "gh-pages" /root folder in GitHub Repo->Settings->Pages
7. Visit your GitHub pages to verify the setup is completed successfully

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `yarn start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.\
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `yarn test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.\
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

### `yarn build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.\
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.\
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

### `yarn eject`

**Note: this is a one-way operation. Once you `eject`, you can’t go back!**

If you aren’t satisfied with the build tool and configuration choices, you can `eject` at any time. This command will remove the single build dependency from your project.

Instead, it will copy all the configuration files and the transitive dependencies (webpack, Babel, ESLint, etc) right into your project so you have full control over them. All of the commands except `eject` will still work, but they will point to the copied scripts so you can tweak them. At this point you’re on your own.

You don’t have to ever use `eject`. The curated feature set is suitable for small and middle deployments, and you shouldn’t feel obligated to use this feature. However we understand that this tool wouldn’t be useful if you couldn’t customize it when you are ready for it.
